NLX integration (#1091)
open-formulieren/open-forms: nlx/README.md

# NLX support

[NLX][NLX] integration is optional.

This directory contains the docker-compose tooling and instructions on how to enable
NLX on the demo network and connect Open Forms services with it.

Ensure you are in the Open Forms repository `nlx` directory for any steps documented
here:

```bash
cd nlx
```

The workaround included in this directory are
[tracked upstream](https://gitlab.com/commonground/nlx/nlx-try-me/-/issues/2).

## Initializing (first time set-up)

The NLX demo/test stack is set up as a git submodule, which needs to be initialized.

```bash
git submodule update --init  # First time only
````

Next, open `docker-compose.yml` and find the `postgres` service. Remove the `ports`
configuration completely, as it will conflict with your local PostgreSQL instance.

> The included certificates are expired, at the time of writing. Please follow the docs
> in [`nlx-try-me/pki/README.md`](./nlx-try-me/pki/README.md) to re-generate the
> intermediate and host certificate. Note that you need to install the `cfssl` tooling
> if you don't have it yet.
> 
> Finally, we need to generate our own local certificates. This has been scripted as much
> as possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included certificates are expired, at the time of writing. Please go to the 
`nlx-try-me` folder and follow the docs in 
[`nlx-try-me/pki/README.md`](./nlx-try-me/pki/README.md) to re-generate the intermediate
and host certificate. Note that you need to install the `cfssl` tooling if you don't 
have it yet.

Finally, go back to the `nlx` folder and generate your own local certificates. Follow
the directions presented by the script:
```

```bash
./obtain-certs.sh
```

**Fixing the permissions**

Private keys need locked-down file permissions. The containers run as `UID: 1000`, which
means this must be owner of the private keys:

```bash
sudo chown 1000 nlx-try-me/pki/certs/management-api.try-me.nlx.local-key.pem
sudo chmod go-rwx nlx-try-me/pki/certs/management-api.try-me.nlx.local-key.pem
```

## Running the NLX stack

> Navigate to this directory and start the components using docker-compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to this (`nlx`) directory and start the components using docker-compose:
```
